hi everyone I'm Sandra with the
disneycartoys Channel
this Spidey awesome today that's awesome
because we've got something really fun
for you we have the Pacific plate tents
Parrish - this is like a good what you
play with in elementary school and it is
really fun yeah it's super fun so you
want to play some games
yeah okay so what we're going to do is a
little game where we're gonna have
little sweaty run underneath a parachute
but me and bigspy are going to try to
push the parachute down on him yep so
we'll see who wins
all right okay Ready Set okay let's try
again start again
good go another time okay alright ready
alright now stand it's gonna go under
and we're gonna try to catch her okay
one two three okay here we go one two
three go you barely escaped and now it's
big Spidey sir you ready okay one two
three
ok so now we're going to do something
different we're going to put little
Spidey inside and see if we can kind of
like make him fly a little no don't wear
grass is really soft
yeah Sophie you know flies hey hope you
okay yeah okay we got a little Spidey
don't worry ok so we've got we got a
Spidey inside this might be the best or
worst parenting moment okay be careful
yeah okay okay one two three
Spidey fan the parachute
okay let me cinch up a little bit here
okay okay ready to fly okay Romania
Winnie the Pooh okay so now I'm trying
to pull a little spine here yeah so give
him a little ride okay okay
[Music]
okay I'm going to drip it off and don't
do this at home you try to jump off the
playset and use this as a parachute a
parachute even though it's only like
four feet up the reason I think this is
a bad idea
yeah this is really really bad it
tangled in the tail okay okay I think
I'm Scott wait we be right yeah points
okay here we go
so here's the parachute okay it's just a
bad idea okay
Shea stand up oh yeah stuff fun now
alright so now we're going to take our
parachute and make a big mushroom out of
it so we're gonna lift it up and then
run under it really fast and tuck
underneath this and it'll make a big
pillow cloud thing okay one two three
[Applause]
ready
all right fit
[Laughter]
[Music]
stay tuned for more fun videos like me
aha thanks for watching please remember
to Like and subscribe and comment click
on a picture to watch another fun toy
video and click on the question mark to
watch a mystery video
[Music]